

contracts_header█Missionen

contracts_menu_payloads█Nutzlasten
contracts_menu_contracts█Verträge
contracts_menu_offers█Angebote

contracts_payloads█{0} Fracht(en)
contracts_availableIn█Verfügbar in
contracts_noRockets█Keine geeigneten Raketen!
contracts_negotiators█Negotiators
contracts_approx█Ungefähr.
contracts_selectLaunchPrice█Startpreis auswählen
contracts_avgRocketPrice█Durchschnittlicher Raketenpreis:
contracts_avgProfit█Durchschnittlicher Gewinn:

contracts_submitOffer█Angebot abgeben
contracts_negotiate█Verhandeln

contracts_onMissionSuccess█Bei Missionserfolg
contracts_onMissionFailure█Bei Missionsfehlschlag

contracts_offer_decline█Angebot ablehnen
contracts_offer_accept█Angebot annehmen
contracts_offer_accepted█Du hast das Angebot akzeptiert.

deadline_critical█Äußerst kritisch!
deadline_launchNow█Sofort Starten!
deadline_yearLeft█1 Jahr verbleibend!
deadline_yearsLeft█{0} Jahre verbleibend!

contract_negotiating█In Verhandlung
contract_active█Aktiv
contract_completed█Abgeschlossen

contract_won_status█<color=#64B5F6><b>Du hast den Vertrag gewonnen.</b></color>&%<align="left">&%<size=13>Du musst diese Nutzlasten rechtzeitig starten, <mark=#64B5F625>starte in {0}</mark>:</size></align>&%&%{1}


contract_decline_confirm█Willst du dieses Angebot wirklich ablehnen?

contract_deadline_fine█Gut:

payload_preparing_to_fly█Vorbereitung zum Start


contract_crs█Kommerzieller Wiederversorgungsdienst
payload_crs█KWD-{0} (ISS Wiederversorgung)

contract_ccp█Commercial Crew Program
payload_ccp█CCP-{0} (ISS Crew)

payload_tintin█Tintin AB (LinkLink Test)

contract_tesla█Starman
payload_tesla█Tesla Roadster

contract_potato█Dummy Frachten
payload_potato█Orbital Potato

contract_balwina█miau... Miau... MIAU!!!

contract_technician█Notfall
payload_technician█Techniker

payload_flatEarther█Murphy (Flatearther)

contract_marsCamera█Mars Journey
payload_marsCamera█Mars Camera
content_marsCamera█Launch Mars Camera with your Heavy Rocket to Mars Orbit. You will then be able to see and interact with Mars!


contract_spate█SPATE: Prologue EP
payload_spate█Prologue EP
content_spate█A young music producer from Finland is releasing a new album with space songs. As part of his marketing campaign, he would like to send a physical copy of his album with the next ISS supply transport.

contract_matt█Rescue Matt
payload_matt█Matt Rescue Mission
content_matt█There's a new offer from NASA. The purpose of the mission is to send a spaceship to Mars to return Matt to Earth.





